currently, I would say that I don't really worry about my professional
future. I only see things that is positive. Um, even if I got out of
the military, uh, in my current form, I think I could be okay with
that. When I was a first class, I think the chief told me, You know
what? I'm a chief, and you know, I'll probably retire the chief, and
I'm comfortable with that. And I didn't quite under understand it
at the time. I said, Hey, you know, you should always try toe push forward,
push ahead. You know, like, there's so many things that you
could do, you know? But, um, now that I'm a chief, I kind of see you
know his point. You're doing something really productive. You definitely
see your place in the military community as being valuable. And
you've had a long history of it. Uh, there's that. That's absolutely
honorable. Um, so now that I'm not worried about being so strict
about that early promote being so strict about, um always trying to
get the highest quality job that I could get being the senior enlisted
adviser, or being the command master chief or if those things are
out of my mind Thin those air, Just goals. Now, I'm not worried about
it. I I just feel that those I can put forth the effort that it takes
to get there. And if someone gets chosen over me, you know, I I
clap my hands and say good on him. Um, tryto be like him as much as
possible. And if I'm not, then I'm not gonna beat myself up over it.
There's so many other opportunities out there a Sfar as family and
friends and my civilian promotion that you know what? Like it's just
one small piece. My military career is just one small piece of a really
big, huge and enjoyable life puzzle that I'm trying to fill.